[PXCT-1111] Modulino - Revamp tutorials - all nodes (#2623)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/11.accessories/modulino-nodes/modulino-thermo/tutorials/how-general/content.md

3. Follow the on-screen instructions (REPL) to select the device and enter a new address
4. The script will attempt to change the address and confirm success

When using a custom address in MicroPython:
```python
buzzer_module = ModulinoBuzzer(address=0x45)  # Replace 0x45 with your specific address
```

### Tracking Address Changes

To keep track of the address in use, modules have a white rectangle on the back. Use this space to write the selected address for future reference.

## Module Addressing Reference

| Module | Default Modulino Address | Hardware Address | Configurable |
|--------|-------------------------|------------------|--------------|
| Buttons | 0x7C | 0x3E | Software |
| Buzzer | 0x3C | 0x1E | Software |
| Distance | 0x52 | 0x52 | No |
| Knob | 0x76 | 0x3A | Software |
| Movement | 0x6A | 0x6A | Hardware (0x6A/0x6B) |
| Pixels | 0x6C | 0x36 | Software |
| Thermo | 0x44 | 0x44 | No |

When scanning for I²C addresses on the bus, you might find the modulino using the **Hardware I²C Address**. However, you should always use the **Modulino I²C Address** when using the official Modulino library.

## General Troubleshooting

### Module Not Responding

> If your Modulino's power LED isn't on or the module isn't responsive:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Modulino's power LED isn't on or the node isn't responsive:
```

- Ensure both the board and the Modulino are connected to your computer
- Verify that the power LEDs on both are lit
- Check that the QWIIC cable is properly clicked into place

> - Verify the module is receiving 3.3V power

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Verify the node is receiving 3.3V power
```

- Re-install the library through the Library Manager
- Verify all dependencies were installed

**MicroPython:**
If you encounter an issue with `from modulino import` commands:
- Check the package installer to ensure the library is installed
- Re-install the library through the Package Installer
- Ensure the board was disconnected from other programs during installation

### I²C Communication Issues

- Verify correct Wire configuration (Wire vs Wire1)
- Check for address conflicts between modules
- Ensure pull-up resistors are present on the I²C bus
- Verify cable length isn't exceeding I²C specifications
- Check that all connections are secure

### Inaccurate Sensor Values

- Ensure all exposed electronics are not touching conductive surfaces
- Verify the module is not placed near interference sources
- Check that power supply is stable and within specifications
- Allow sensors time to stabilise after power-on

## Best Practices

1. **Power Management**: Always use 3.3V for QWIIC connections. Never exceed voltage specifications.

2. **Cable Management**: Use appropriate length QWIIC cables. Excessive cable length can cause signal degradation.

> 3. **Address Management**: Document all address changes on the white label provided on each module.
> 
> 4. **Environmental Considerations**: Keep modules away from sources of electromagnetic interference, excessive heat, or moisture unless specifically rated for such conditions.
> 
> 5. **Development Workflow**: Test modules individually before connecting them in a chain to isolate any issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Address Management**: Document all address changes on the white label provided on each node.

4. **Environmental Considerations**: Keep nodes away from sources of electromagnetic interference, excessive heat, or moisture unless specifically rated for such conditions.

5. **Development Workflow**: Test nodes individually before connecting them in a chain to isolate any issues.
```

## What's Next?

Now that you understand the fundamentals of the Modulino system:

> - Explore individual module guides for specific features and capabilities
> - Experiment with combining multiple modules in your projects
> - Share your creations with the Arduino community
> - Check for updates and new modules in the Modulino ecosystem
> 
> For detailed information about specific modules, refer to their individual documentation pages, which include pinouts, specifications, and programming examples for both Arduino and MicroPython.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explore individual node guides for specific features and capabilities
- Experiment with combining multiple nodes in your projects
- Share your creations with the Arduino community
- Check for updates and new nodes in the Modulino ecosystem

For detailed information about specific nodes, refer to their individual documentation pages, which include pinouts, specifications, and programming examples for both Arduino and MicroPython.
```
